Scene 1 - You must pretend to be King Arthur and to see if you can get away with it, you must fool the guards to get a mighty steed.
	Part 1 - Escort Bedemir the Guard back to the castle to get your "Fine Steed"
	
REWARD: A real mighty steed(Coconuts of Clapping)


Scene 2 - Assert yourself as king and bring Dennis the Peasant back to the castle.
	Part 1 - Escort Dennis back to the castle and present the king with his 'tribute'

REWARD: A gift for the king.(the king was expecting gold!)


Scene 3 - You must prove you worth in battle against the Black Knight.
	Part 1 - Slay the Black Knight and retrieve his helmet from his corpse and return it to the king.
REWARD: Your kingdoms gratitude'(Black Knight Statuette)


Scene 4 - You must tangle with the Knights of NEE and follow their demands for a shrubbery. Roger the Shrubber it the man to see.
	Part 1 - Find the Knights of NEE. They demand a shrubbery, accept the quest and head in search of Roger the Shrubber to get their shrubbery.
	Part 2 - Accept the Quest offered by Roger the Shrubber and give him the items he needs to design a fine shrubbery. Give the Shrubbery to the Knights of NEE to get the NEE Item to bring to the king.

REWARD: NEE Landscaping Deed


Scene 5 - You must gather up the Knights of the Round Table and bring them back to the castle and free Sir Galahad, the Chaste from the castle Anthrax.
	Part 1 - Find the Knights of the Round Table throughout the lands and escort them back to the castle to get the Grail Tokens.
	Part 2 - Find the Castle Anthrax and accept the quest from Zoot and procede into the castle to rescue Sir Galahad. You will need to dispose of 30 Castle Women. This will get you 'The' Grail for the king.
	Part 3 - Escort Sir Galahad back to the castle safely. This gets you Galahad's Report.

REWARD: ML Monster Display Case


Scene 6 - Visit Brother Maynard. 
	Part 1 - He wil tell you of the Holy Hand Grenade. Escort him back to the castle and recieve teh Holy Handgrenade for the King.

REWARD: A sachel of Holy Handgrenades.


Scene 7 - Finally seek out Tim the Enchanter.
	Part 1- Accept the quest from Tim and head to the cave and kill the rabbit with the Holy Handgrenade.Recieve the Bridge of Death Map to give to the king.

REWARD: Heritage TOken


Scene 8 - The END? Or is it???
	Part 1 - You must enter the cave and kill the legendary Black Beast of aaauuugh.
	Part 2 - You must proceed to the Bridge of Death. Answer three questions and you can cross taking you to the Frenchmens Castle. 
	Part 3 - Accept the taunting Frenchmens Quest. Kill the insiders and get the Cow Launcher to give to the king.Inside you will find the Old Man from Scene 7.
	Part 4 - Get the Bridge of Death Token by escorting the old man from scene 7 back to the castle and return to the king.

REWARD: The King's Satchel - Arthurs Crown, Excalibur, Merlins Staff, Robin Hoods bow, 10gp.